# BillingCyleSpecification - Microservice using Go Echo API Server for openapi

This API manages the *BillingCycle* resource, which is the representation (instantiation) of the cycle specification for a specific billing run.
The API includes services for storing and retrieving the *BillingCycle* resource.


### Running the server

To run the server, follow these simple steps:

Pre-requisites
1. Docker installed on your machine.
2. Disconnect to VPN .

#### Creating couchbase container 
```
cd couchbase-custom
docker-compose up
```

Once the couchbase container is up and running access it at http://localhost:8091/ .

- Create a bucket named test-bucket .
- Create an index on the test-bucket.
```
CREATE PRIMARY INDEX idx_default_primary ON `test-bucket` USING GSI;
```

#### Creating billing-cycle-ms-app container

Onto the application home i.e. walk-the-tech-go folder.
```
docker-compose up
```

##### If you already have couchbase running on your local
- You can add couchbase username and password as environment variables on your windows.Refer container.go file.
- Change the port on main.go .
- Refer .env file for all environment variables.
- You can the application on non-docker env using the below commands
```
go build -o billing-cycle-ms-app
go run .
```

##### Known Issue
Couchbase container may take sometime to ready.
You may have to restart the application container for establishing the connection with couchbase.

###### Disclaimer
This server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.
By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.

[README](https://openapi-generator.tech)

- API version: 1.0
- Build date: 2022-01-06T10:29:30.636+05:30[Asia/Calcutta]